Hello: everyone, my friends, Nguyen Van Tung member of the following group 9.
Please present a demo about the face recognition here with the village with OpenCV library.
First, we need to exciter library we willMust go to Setting Project to choose the interpreter exercise.
Ai is the library that I have Instal in and if you want to go to the library choose Bluetooth Intel here and type, we will open the beautiful girl library.
Then it is necessary for us to implement the face recognition problem on the next god's shoulder.
We will have to write a file to identify the face on the webcam with us.
Then up to a height of 10 m peopleWe use it again and we will wait for the next.
We will come to the data we will use Pascal to draw our face and will take photos of our face here.
The money we will have to write a oneWhen exporting the update to EQ online.
We will connect with the data data and delete all the query commands here, the next sequence of Instagram numbers.
We will recognize our face on the orange juice webcam and we will take pictures Again to take photos with creating a dataset file with the name saved.
As the user, with the ID plus the number of images, this is Simplon, which means that the number of photos of our photos increases gradually with us.
We will take it in Gray with the coordinate value Only my face, and here I will show the axis, but up to 200 photos to fit the data that I just need to identify my face.
Then here we will run this file again while running this fileThen.
We will have to enter the ID to save into Excel Online.
We will enter the ID so our age and gender after entering the entry, we have to force it to run and I will adjust my face corners so that it can take it allEven my faces.
So that it can get the most photos of me so that you can easily recognize your face after the shooting will automatically turn off I have created, it will create a dataset folder in the receipt The face of the face named the photos for you to see How it taken itself, it took a picture of our customers like that, and next is that we see photos on Insta.
We will have to be onI, have to take it out and be beautiful and beautiful.
I will use the image of my beauty to save my ID object.
I will and after the program window to end now, I am dead and I can finish it When it is here when I install it, it will print the file here.
I will tell me to go to the photo matrix that does not comment on it.
You can see the 200 last many of it I will identifyMy face before I received it alone.
I will have to get data from online video transplantation.
According to the ID.
I will help me to go on here and next to identify my face, but similar to the previous part and the previous part, and the previous part, and the previous partMy wife is now.
If I will identify my face, I will abbreviate it for it as a sex name and if not, I will use Rifle and it does not understand who I can see you can talk to me.
What is the name Tung is 22 years old for Nam to have the face of his group.
