Hello friends: I am Nguyen Thanh Tung the following group of birds: please present to the face recognition on the role of the village and many OpenCV libraries.
First, we need to be the library we willMust go to Setting to select the Interpreter library that you are old.
Then you want to send the mail, you will be here and type it.
We will print the beautiful OpenCV library that I have printed.
It is necessary for us to implement the problemIdentifying.
The face on the next god's shoulder is that we will have to write a file to identify the face on the webcam with us.
Then, up to the height of 10 m people, use it again and we will wait nextThen.
We will come to the data.
We will use Pascal to draw our face and will take photos of our face here.
We will have to write a function.
Y =, f, /, like /, will connect toDatabase data and nutrients.
Here we will identify our faces on the orange nation and we will take pictures with 8g a phase we consider with the name saved as user ID plus plusAdd the number of photos.
This is the pro sim that the number of photos I made gradually increased with me.
I would take it inside with the speed of adjusting my face and I will show it to the axis and 200 photos for me to have just a face If we will run this file again after running this file, we will have to enter the ID to Save in Fe Online I will fly away, so my name and gender after entering the entry will run and run and runI will adjust my faces to generally be understood, as my two sides to be most effective about me, so that I can easily recognize my face.
After the shooting it will automatically turn off my creation.
The price of the car is a folder.
We consider in the face recognition with the names of the photos for you to see how it takes itself.
It has taken a picture of your friends like that.
Ok and followed by them.
If we see the photo on Insta, we will have to take it out and take out it and make it beautiful.
Then I will use the photo command to save the beauty of my ID.
I will, and after the program window to endBehold, I have died and I can come in, but it is here when I installed it, it will print the file here.
I will tell me to go to the photo matrix that I don't comment on it.
You can see as 200In the end I will identify my face before I received it alone.
I will have to get data from online video transplantation according to ID.
I will help me to go here on this.
Next will identify moldsMy face and similar to the previous part, and this part, if I will identify my face, I will write the text for it to display the gender name and, if not, I will use ICloudIs it not understanding who I was next.
I would run after you to see if you will see that it identifies myself as the name Tung what 22 years old for men.
If my picture has not been taken, a inclined angleLike this, it will not understand who you are and it has iCloud.
You can see the red YouTube.
This is the demo and identify your face's face will feel that I have seen the demo that I would like to stop here.
