Hello friends: I am Nguyen Thanh Tung the following group of birds: please present to the face recognition on the role of the village and many OpenCV libraries.
First, we need to be the library we willMust go to Setting to select the Interpreter library that you are old.
Then you want to send the mail, you will be here and type it.
We will print the beautiful OpenCV library that I have printed.
It is necessary for us to implement the problemIdentifying.
The face on the next god's shoulder is that we will have to write a file to identify the face on the webcam with us.
Then, up to the height of 10 m people, use it again and we will wait nextThen.
We will come to the data.
We will use Pascal to draw our face and will take photos of our face here.
We will have to write a function.
Y =, f, /, like /, will connect toDatabase data and nutrients.
Here we will identify our faces on the orange nation and we will take pictures with 8g a phase we consider with the name saved as user ID plus plusAdd the number of photos.
This is the pro sim that the number of photos I made gradually increased with me.
I would take it inside with the speed of my face adjustment and I will show the axis and up to 200 photos for me to have just data, And I just need to identify my face then here we will run this file again while running this file.
We will have to enter the ID to save in Excel Online.
I will enter the ID, so my age and ageAfter gender, after entering it, will be forced to run, and I will adjust my face corners so that it can take all of my faces so that it can go the most pictures of me so that I can Easily recognize the face, My more after shooting, I will automatically turn off.
I will create a dataset folder in the face recognition of the names of the photos for you to see how it has taken itself.
The picture of our customers like that is ok and next is that we see the photo on Insta.
We will have to take it out and take it out and make it beautiful.
Then we will use the image of the beautyMy id will and after the program window to finish now, I'm dead, but I can enter and it shows here I install it and it will print the file here.
I will tell youIn the photo matrix that did not comment on it.
You can see the last 200 that I will identify my face before receiving it alone.
I will have to get data from online video transplant.
According to the ID.
I will help me to go on this next, to identify my face, but similar to the previous part and my wife.
I will, if it identifies my face, I will abbreviate it for it.
If the gender is not, if not, it will appear rifle that he does not understand who he can see.
You can talk to himself as the name Tung is 22 years old for men, with the face of his group.
