Hello friends: I am Nguyen Thanh Tung the following group of birds: please present to the face recognition on the role of the village and many OpenCV libraries.
First, we need to be the library we willMust go to Setting to select the Interpreter library that you are old.
Then you want to send the mail, you will be here and type it.
We will print the beautiful OpenCV library that I have printed.
It is necessary for us to implement the problemIdentifying.
The face on the next god's shoulder is that we will have to write a file to identify the face on the webcam with us.
Then, up to the height of 10 m people, use it again and we will wait nextThen.
We will come to the data.
We will use Pascal to draw our face and will take photos of our face here.
The money we will have to write a function when exporting updates to EQ online.
We will endConnected to Database Data and delete all the query commands here.
The next Instagram numbers we will identify our face on the orange juice webcam and we will take photos and take photos with creating a dataset file with the name Save as a user dot with the ID plus the number of photos.
This is Simplon, which means that the number of photos of our photos increases gradually with us will be taken in Gray, with the coordinate value of our face, and here I will show onlyIf, the axis is only 200 photos to fit our face.
We will run this file again after running this file.
We will have to enter the ID to save in Fe Online.
I will fly away so my nameAnd after gender.
After finishing, I will run and I will adjust my faces to generally understand my two sides - to be the most effective about me so that I can easily identify my face: afterAfter shooting it will automatically turn off the price of the car to create a folder.
We consider in the face recognition with the names of the photos, for you to see how it takes your way The customers like that are ok and next is that we see the image on Insta.
We will have to take it on it and be beautiful and beautiful.
Then I will use the beautiful image of my ID in my IDWill and after the program window to end I'm dead now and I can enter and it is here when I installed it.
It will print the file here.
I will tell you to go to the photo matrixThe comment on it you can see.
Is the last 200 last many that I will identify my face before I received it alone.
I will have to get data from online video transplant.
I went on this on the next to identify my face and similar to the previous part and my wife.
If I will identify my face, I will stand for it as a gender name.
Andif, not it will appear rifle that he does not understand who he can see.
You can talk to himself as the name Tung is 22 years old for Nam to have the face of his group.
