Hello friends: I am Nguyen Thanh Tung the following group of birds: please present to the face recognition on the role of the village and many OpenCV libraries.
First, we need to be the library we willMust go to Setting to select the Interpreter library that you are old.
Then you want to send the mail, you will be here and type it.
We will print the beautiful OpenCV library that I have printed.
It is necessary for us to implement the problemIdentifying.
The face on the next role is that we will have to write a file to identify the face on our webcam.
Here I have written the commands to receive to run.
We will click on CtrlShift, 10, F1, either using cold like Quynh Van, and we will wait for it to receive our faces so that we will press next.
We will come to Get Data.
We will use the webcam to kill the face and will take photos of our faces here.
The money will have to write a function when exporting updated to EQ online.
We will connect to the data data and delete all the query commands hereNext.
We will identify our face on the webcam of orange juice and we will take a picture to take a picture with creating a dataset file with the name saved, as the user marked with the ID plus the number of images.
This is Simplon that is ieThe number of photos of ours.
In turn, increases with us will be taken in Gray, with the coordinate value of our face, and here I will show the axis that up to 200 images to fit the data that I just need Identify our face here.
We will run this file again while running this file.
We will have to enter the ID to save in Excel Online.
I will enter the ID so my age and gender after importingWhen I finished, I had to run it and I would adjust my face corners so that it could take all my faces so that it could go the most pictures of me so that it could be Easier to identify my face, afterAfter shooting I will automatically turn off.
It will create a dataset folder in the face recognition name for the photos for you to see how it has taken itself.
The customers like that are ok and next is that we see the image on Insta.
We will have to take it on it and be beautiful and beautiful.
Then I will use the beautiful image of my ID in my IDWill and after the program window to end.
I'M dead now and I can enter, and it is here when I installed it, it will print the file.
Here.
I will tell you to go to the photo matrixThe comment on it you can see.
Is the last 200 last many that I will identify my face before I received it alone, I will have to get data from online video transplant.
I went on this on the next to identify my face and similar to the previous part and my wife.
If I will identify my face, I will stand for it as a gender name.
Andif, not it will appear rifle that he does not understand who he can see.
You can talk to himself as the name Tung is 22 years old for Nam to have the face of his group.
