Yesterday was the 8th official competition day of the 32nd SEA Games of Vietnam Sports Union, which won a total of 16 gold medals of 9 gold medals and how many chapters of the subjects such as aerobic, boxing or bicycles, have alsoHaving the first gold medal to the End of the Vietnamese sports delegation was still steady at the top of the table of the General Table of the Medal with 87 Gold Medals, 79 Gold Medal and 87 Bronze Medals, Thailandranked 2nd.
When we pull us 903 rice paper matches in men's football and women's football at the 32nd SEA Games, many families of the players have spent time to come to Cambodia to cheer for their children.
It can be said that they are solid fulcrums to help the players play more determined to bring glory to the country, and they are also the first to comfort their children when their children failed to Cambodia.
6 immediately came to the yard to cheer for his son defender, Phan Tuan Tai, who followed his son many matches that could not help but worry in general with any decisive match like this.
Then talking about the conscience of a father sitting in the stands, he talked very nervous and worried about football, sometimes when losing to Phan Tuan Tai also experienced many ups and downs with the ball, and the star was always the one who played a weight role By Psychologically for children at times in sport, it must be me always and sports.
The football subjects are only overcome by themselves Find the victory tomorrow.
Player Huynh Nhu of the football team is also the recipient of such a family.
So many people must be familiar with the image of Mr Liem and she went to Vu Huynh Nhu's football field when she was still competing Domestic fighting, but this is the first time the foreign grandparents cheered on children.
So, every time I kicked the yard I would not.
I did not have a lot of Cambodian fans today, Then probably like that and then probably go home to make a party so that Nhu, Quynh, Nhu, Phan Tuan, Tai or any other player will probably always feel like such a sacred affection from the stands.
And that add strength to They work hard in the color flag of the country.
